you
what is going on everybody chip want a
slab train and welcome to some tandem
time on road atlanta and now today on
there is no live com session but i
wanted to get a few things off my chest
now first thing is my new schedule that
I'm gonna be bringing out because of
back to school now a lot of you guys may
not like it some you won't absolutely
love it but in terms of my personal life
this is what I need to do this is what I
need to do to be successful in school
and school is my number one priority I
want to make sure I get my good grades
so I pass and do very well now in order
for this to happen I need to have a
strict schedule where I'm going to be
able to do pretty much everything that I
can do on my channel and keep up to
speed and I think the best way of doing
this is making a schedule now usually
I'm very kind of all over the place of
my videos and I want to keep to one very
basic schedule now this is what I have
planned for the next coming week so week
one in September is going to be monday
I'm bringing out a new series called
donk drift builds I'm going to be
showcasing a bunch of dog cars drifting
now if you guys don't know what dung is
just some real old cars you know on
massive rims crazy paint job so it's
gonna be nice guys I promise you you're
gonna enjoy it too is there going to be
doing drift bottle the slap train so
this is going to be coming back I only
did one episode but I want to do some
more and I want to showcase that a
little bit more so not to be coming back
next week on Tuesday Wednesday we're
going to be still doing on top 5 drips
of the week thursday is going to be our
top 40 countdown of my most favorite
iconic cars using movies and TV shows
friday we have a brand new series as
well too it's going to be called tag
team drag races exactly like 2 fast 2
furious style saturday is going to be a
new series called car news as we
where I grab links from around the
internet and showcase them to you guys
and Sunday drifting on a budget
now for we to september's going to be
monday wyd drift feel that's going to be
coming back i did one episode but i'm
going to be continuing that series
tuesday is going to be the horizon
cross-country wednesday again top five
trips of the week thursday my top 40
countdown friday challenge the slab
trains which give me a new series as
well to where i'm going to be getting
you guys to make the craziest drift
builds possible post them up on your
storefront and i'm going to go download
of them probably do about maybe four to
five cars in episode and kind of try to
drift them really with whatever crazy
toons you guys want to give me so I'm
gonna give you guys all details about
that later saturday is going to be
another car news this week and sunday
drifting on a budget gentlemen now these
are all flexible at any point in time
again i'm going to be in school i'm
gonna have a lot of work i'm going to be
working as well too so you guys don't
see a video go up one day or maybe it's
different from what it is saying on the
schedule try to bear with me gentlemen
i'm gonna have a lot of stuff to be
doing so I'm really hoping I can stick
with the schedule and make it work now
for week 3 is September I'm going to be
redoing week 1 and week 4 of September
I'm going to be redoing week to now next
month is going to be a completely
different schedule so I'm going to post
my schedule for September in the bottom
have a look at it you guys have any
questions at all leave them in the
bottom gentlemen now as well too i have
a really cool thread that i want you
guys to have a look at for all you real
users that are using fanatic wheels on
they actually made a post i think last
week or so i'm stating that they're
gonna be working to try and getting our
current existing wheels working with the
xbox one but they're not going to know
until the release date of the console so
you guys gotta sit tight be patient and
for all you guys that are wanting a
wheel i would say wait until we hear
their brand new wheels that are coming
on with xbox one
and save your money because if you buy
one it may not be compatible with xbox
one now as well too for all of you guys
that cannot afford a wheel I'm debating
about getting a set of Speed Freaks now
these are off of control freaks website
and i'm really debating about this now
if you guys have all heard about the FPS
freeks and stuff like that essentially
it goes on your left thumb stick and it
allows you to have a smoother turning
radius within the car now I'd like any
of you guys I'd already have these let
me know what your thoughts are on them
if they're worth getting and let me know
in the bottom gentlemen now do other
things Forza 5 is going to be having
dedicated servers and those of you guys
that don't know what that means it means
that there's not going to be any more
leg there's not going to be any more
connection issues lease on Toby hope
this is big for for that considering
this is the first time that they've ever
had something like this on their games
and I am absolutely stoked for forza 5 I
cannot wait im gonna post some links
down in the bottom for you guys for
forza 5 discussion and Luger go off
about team DVDs channel and they've been
showcasing Forza 5 all week they were
there talking to developers so they had
some great great videos going up I'm not
going to be putting out a drifting on a
budget tomorrow but I'd like you guys to
come back for next week start up a brand
new schedule we're going big with Xbox
one we're going bigger Forza 5 djibouti
slab train oh noes peace